chore(release): 4.0.0-rc.0 (#586)
webpack/webpack-dev-middleware: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) for commit guidelines.

### [4.0.0-rc.0](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-middleware/compare/v3.7.2...v4.0.0-rc.0) (2020-02-19)

### Bug Fixes

* respect `output.path` and `output.publicPath` options from the configuration
* respect the `stats` option from the configuration
* respect the `watchOptions` option from the configuration
* the `writeToDisk` option now correctly works in multi-compiler mode
* the `outputFileSystem` option now correctly works in multi-compiler mode
* respect `[hash]`/`[fullhash]` in `output.path` and `output.publicPath`
* handle exceptions for filesystem operations

> * the `Content-Type` header doesn't has `charset=utf-8` value for custom MIME types and MIME types which can be non `utf-8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `Content-Type` header doesn't have `charset=utf-8` value for custom MIME types and MIME types which can be non `utf-8`
```

### Features

* validate options
* migrate on the `webpack` logger
* migrate on the `memfs` package
* improve performance

### BREAKING CHANGES

* minimum supported Node.js version is `10.13.0`

> * the default value of the option `publicPath` takes from the value of the `output.publicPath` option from the configuration (`webpack.config.js`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the default value of the option `publicPath` is taken from the value of the `output.publicPath` option from the configuration (`webpack.config.js`)
```

> * the `stats` option was removed, the default value of the `stats` option takes from the value of the `stats` option from the configuration (`webpack.config.js`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `stats` option was removed, the default value of the `stats` option is taken from the value of the `stats` option from the configuration (`webpack.config.js`)
```

> * the `watchOptions` was removed, the default value of the `watchOptions` option takes from the value of the `watchOptions` option from the configuration (`webpack.config.js`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `watchOptions` was removed, the default value of the `watchOptions` option is taken from the value of the `watchOptions` option from the configuration (`webpack.config.js`)
```

> * the `Content-Type` header doesn't has `charset=utf-8` value for custom MIME types and MIME types which can be non `utf-8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `Content-Type` header doesn't have `charset=utf-8` value for custom MIME types and MIME types which can be non `utf-8`
```

* the `fs` option was renamed to the `outputFileSystem` option
* the `lazy` option was removed without replacement
* the `logger`, `logLevel` and `logTime` options were removed without replacement. You can setup the `level` value using `{ infrastructureLogging: { level: 'warn' } }`, please read https://webpack.js.org/configuration/other-options/#infrastructurelogging. You can use the `infrastructurelog` (`infrastructureLog` in `webpack@5`) hook to customize logs. The `log` property in the middleware context was renamed to `logger`
* the `mimeTypes` option first requires you to specify an extension and then a content-type - `{ mimeTypes: { phtml: 'text/html' } }`
* the `force` option from the `mimeTypes` option was removed without replacement 
* the `reporter` option was removed without replacement

> * the `getFilenameFromUrl` method was removed from API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `getFilenameFromUrl` method was removed from the API
```
